# packages in environment at /data/djs217/miniconda3/envs/quast_env:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.12               h4ab18f5_0    conda-forge
bedtools                  2.31.1               hf5e1c6e_2    bioconda
blast                     2.16.0               hc155240_2    bioconda
brotli                    1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
bwa                       0.7.18               he4a0461_1    bioconda
bzip2                     1.0.8                h4bc722e_7    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.34.3               heb4867d_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2024.8.30            hbcca054_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.18.0               hebfffa5_3    conda-forge
certifi                   2024.8.30          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
circos                    0.69.9               hdfd78af_0    bioconda
contourpy                 1.3.0           py312h68727a3_2    conda-forge
curl                      8.10.1               hbbe4b11_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
entrez-direct             22.4                 he881be0_0    bioconda
expat                     2.6.4                h5888daf_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 h77eed37_3    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.15.0               h7e30c49_1    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.54.1          py312h178313f_1    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               h267a509_2    conda-forge
gettext                   0.22.5               he02047a_3    conda-forge
gettext-tools             0.22.5               he02047a_3    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.2                hd590300_0    conda-forge
glimmerhmm                3.0.4           pl5321hdbdd923_8    bioconda
graphite2                 1.3.13            h59595ed_1003    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  9.0.0                hda332d3_1    conda-forge
icu                       75.1                 he02047a_0    conda-forge
joblib                    1.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
k8                        1.2                  h6618dc6_3    bioconda
kernel-headers_linux-64   3.10.0              he073ed8_18    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.7           py312h68727a3_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.3               h659f571_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.16                 hb7c19ff_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.43                 h712a8e2_2    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libasprintf               0.22.5               he8f35ee_3    conda-forge
libasprintf-devel         0.22.5               he8f35ee_3    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           25_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           25_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcups                   2.3.3                h4637d8d_4    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.10.1               hbbe4b11_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.22                 hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.6.4                h5888daf_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libgcc                    14.2.0               h77fa898_1    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 14.2.0               h69a702a_1    conda-forge
libgd                     2.3.3               hd3e95f3_10    conda-forge
libgettextpo              0.22.5               he02047a_3    conda-forge
libgettextpo-devel        0.22.5               he02047a_3    conda-forge
libgfortran               14.2.0               h69a702a_1    conda-forge
libgfortran5              14.2.0               hd5240d6_1    conda-forge
libglib                   2.82.2               h2ff4ddf_0    conda-forge
libgomp                   14.2.0               h77fa898_1    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libidn2                   2.3.7                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.0.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           25_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.64.0               h161d5f1_0    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.28          pthreads_h94d23a6_1    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.44               hadc24fc_0    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.47.0               hadc24fc_1    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.0               h0841786_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx                 14.2.0               hc0a3c3a_1    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              14.2.0               h4852527_1    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.7.0                he137b08_1    conda-forge
libunistring              0.9.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.4.0                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.17.0               h8a09558_0    conda-forge
libxcrypt                 4.4.36               hd590300_1    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.3.1                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.9.2           py312hd3ec401_2    conda-forge
minimap2                  2.28                 he4a0461_3    bioconda
munkres                   1.0.7                      py_1    bioconda
ncbi-vdb                  3.1.1                h4ac6f70_2    bioconda
ncurses                   6.5                  he02047a_1    conda-forge
numpy                     2.1.3           py312h58c1407_0    conda-forge
openjdk                   22.0.1               h8651b0f_1    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.2                h488ebb8_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.3.2                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
packaging                 24.1               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.44                hba22ea6_2    conda-forge
perl                      5.32.1          7_hd590300_perl5    conda-forge
perl-archive-tar          2.40            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-b-cow                0.007           pl5321hd590300_0    conda-forge
perl-carp                 1.38            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-clone                0.46            pl5321hec16e2b_0    bioconda
perl-common-sense         3.75            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-compress-raw-bzip2   2.201           pl5321h87f3376_1    bioconda
perl-compress-raw-zlib    2.105           pl5321h87f3376_0    bioconda
perl-config-general       2.65            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-digest-perl-md5      1.9             pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-encode               3.19            pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-exporter             5.72            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-exporter-tiny        1.002002        pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-extutils-makemaker   7.70            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-font-ttf             1.06            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-gd                   2.56                          0    bioconda
perl-inc-latest           0.500           pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-io-compress          2.201           pl5321hdbdd923_2    bioconda
perl-io-string            1.08            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-io-zlib              1.14            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-json                 4.10            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-json-xs              4.03            pl5321h4ac6f70_3    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils       0.430           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils-xs    0.430           pl5321h031d066_3    bioconda
perl-math-bezier          0.01            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-math-round           0.07            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-math-vecstat         0.08            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-module-build         0.4234          pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-module-implementation 0.09            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-module-runtime       0.016           pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-number-format        1.76            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-params-validate      1.31            pl5321h031d066_2    bioconda
perl-parent               0.236           pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-pathtools            3.75            pl5321hec16e2b_3    bioconda
perl-readonly             2.05            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-regexp-common        2017060201      pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-scalar-list-utils    1.62            pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-set-intspan          1.19            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-statistics-basic     1.6611          pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-svg                  2.87            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-test-fatal           0.016           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-text-format          0.62            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-time-hires           1.9764          pl5321h031d066_5    bioconda
perl-try-tiny             0.31            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-types-serialiser     1.01            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-xml-parser           2.44_01         pl5321hc3e0081_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    11.0.0          py312h7b63e92_0    conda-forge
pip                       24.3.1             pyh8b19718_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.43.2               h59595ed_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               hb9d3cd8_1002    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
python                    3.12.7          hc5c86c4_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.12                    5_cp312    conda-forge
qhull                     2020.2               h434a139_5    conda-forge
quast                     5.3.0           py312pl5321hc60241a_0    bioconda
readline                  8.2                  h8228510_1    conda-forge
rpsbproc                  0.5.0                h6a68c12_1    bioconda
setuptools                75.3.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
simplejson                3.19.3          py312h66e93f0_1    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
sysroot_linux-64          2.17                h4a8ded7_18    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13          noxft_h4845f30_101    conda-forge
tzdata                    2024b                hc8b5060_0    conda-forge
unicodedata2              15.1.0          py312h66e93f0_1    conda-forge
wget                      1.21.4               hda4d442_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.45.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.1.1                hb9d3cd8_1    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.4                he73a12e_1    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.8.10               h4f16b4b_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.11               hb9d3cd8_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.5                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.6                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxfixes            6.0.1                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxi                1.8.2                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.11               hb9d3cd8_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.3.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxtst              1.2.5                hb9d3cd8_3    conda-forge
xorg-xorgproto            2024.1               hb9d3cd8_1    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.3.1                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.6                ha6fb4c9_0    conda-forge
