# packages in environment at /data/djs217/miniconda3/envs/fastani_env:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
aniclustermap             1.4.0              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
brotli                    1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h4bc722e_7    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2024.8.30            hbcca054_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2024.8.30          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.3.0           py312h68727a3_2    conda-forge
cycler                    0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
fastani                   1.34                 h4dfc31f_3    bioconda
fonttools                 4.54.1          py312h66e93f0_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               h267a509_2    conda-forge
gsl                       2.7                  he838d99_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.7           py312h68727a3_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.16                 hb7c19ff_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.43                 h712a8e2_1    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           24_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           24_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.22                 hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.6.3                h5888daf_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libgcc                    14.1.0               h77fa898_1    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 14.1.0               h69a702a_1    conda-forge
libgfortran               14.1.0               h69a702a_1    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            14.1.0               h69a702a_1    conda-forge
libgfortran5              14.1.0               hc5f4f2c_1    conda-forge
libgomp                   14.1.0               h77fa898_1    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.0.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           24_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.27          pthreads_hac2b453_1    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.44               hadc24fc_0    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.46.1               hadc24fc_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx                 14.1.0               hc0a3c3a_1    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              14.1.0               h4852527_1    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.7.0                he137b08_1    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.4.0                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.17.0               h8a09558_0    conda-forge
libxcrypt                 4.4.36               hd590300_1    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.3.1                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.9.2           py312hd3ec401_1    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.5                  he02047a_1    conda-forge
numpy                     2.1.2           py312h58c1407_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.2                h488ebb8_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.3.2                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
packaging                 24.1               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    2.2.3           py312hf9745cd_1    conda-forge
patsy                     0.5.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pillow                    10.4.0          py312h56024de_1    conda-forge
pip                       24.2               pyh8b19718_1    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               hb9d3cd8_1002    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python                    3.12.7          hc5c86c4_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2024.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.12                    5_cp312    conda-forge
pytz                      2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
qhull                     2020.2               h434a139_5    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8228510_1    conda-forge
scipy                     1.14.1          py312h7d485d2_0    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.13.2               hd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
seaborn-base              0.13.2             pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
setuptools                75.1.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
skani                     0.2.2                h919a2d8_0    bioconda
statsmodels               0.14.4          py312hc0a28a1_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13          noxft_h4845f30_101    conda-forge
tzdata                    2024b                hc8b5060_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.44.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.11               hb9d3cd8_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.5                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.3.1                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.6                ha6fb4c9_0    conda-forge
